README.md, before:

# Rigo's Adventure Demo

## ENG:
Originally it was just a repository with the code and graphics discussed in my Godot tutorials,
however, since December 2018 the project has been done by [Chaha Studio](https://karoltomaszewskimu.wixsite.com/chahastudiosgames/platformer-2d),
and on December 28, the repository became a repository only for the Rigo's Adventure Demo project.

[MIT License](https://www.wikiwand.com/pl/Licencja_MIT) - you can use the code as you like in your projects: D,
graphics, music and sounds also from (with acknowledgment of authorship) - [CC-BY License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

Youtube channel with (Polish) tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMGyApWbhZCBnsEn2SI4ovA

My discord: https://discord.gg/K9gvjdg

## PL:
Pierwotnie było to tylko repozytorium z kodem i grafikami omawiany w moich tutorialach Godot,
jednak od grudnia 2018 projektem zajmuje się [Chaha Studio](https://karoltomaszewskimu.wixsite.com/chahastudiosgames/platformer-2d),
a 28. grudnia repozytoruim stało się repozytorium tylko dla projektu Rigo's Adventure Demo.

[Licencja MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) - kodu możesz używać jak chcesz w swoich projektach :D ,
grafiki, muzyki i dźwięków również z (z uznaniem autorstwa) - [Licencja CC-BY](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

Kanał na youtube z tutorialami: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMGyApWbhZCBnsEn2SI4ovA

Mój discord: https://discord.gg/K9gvjdg

Commit message:

remove music from Chaha studios

README.md, after:

# 2D Platfromer Demo

## ENG:
This is repo for my 2D platfromer demo for godot that I use in my godot tutorials on youtube.

[MIT License](https://www.wikiwand.com/pl/Licencja_MIT) - you can use the code as you like in your projects: D,
graphics (with acknowledgment of authorship - [CC-BY License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)), music(see the [music/Credits.md](music/Credits.md)) and sounds(see the [sfx/Credits.md](sfx/Credits.md)).

Youtube channel with (Polish) tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMGyApWbhZCBnsEn2SI4ovA

My discord: https://discord.gg/K9gvjdg

## PL:
To jest repo dla dema platfromówki 2D, którego używam w moich tutorialch na youtube 

[Licencja MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) - kodu możesz używać jak chcesz w swoich projektach :D ,
grafiki(z uznaniem autorstwa - [Licencja CC-BY](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)), muzyki(zobacz plik [music/Credits.md](music/Credits.md)) i dźwięków(zobacz plik [sfx/Credits.md](sfx/Credits.md).

Kanał na youtube z tutorialami: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMGyApWbhZCBnsEn2SI4ovA

Mój discord: https://discord.gg/K9gvjdg
